refine imagenet dummy part of #1011 (#1028)
pytorch/examples: imagenet/README.md

python main.py -a alexnet --lr 0.01 [imagenet-folder with train and val folders]
```

> ## Dummy  Data for Performance Benchmark Only
> 
> Due to the data is dummy only for Performance Benchmark, the loss/accuracy is not reliable.

Reviewer: I think it's not only useful for training speed benchmark but also for quick get started. How about rephrasing it like below?

```suggestion
## Use Dummy Data

ImageNet dataset is large and time-consuming to download. To get started quickly, run `main.py` using dummy data by "--dummy". It's also useful for training speed benchmark. Note that the loss or accuracy is useless in this case.
```
